Where do I start?
Well.
I guess what I really want to say
everything I am is because
of where I come from.
Eternia. a world of endless beauty.
All that stuff that only exists in legend
and bedtime stories on Eternia.
that stuff is real.
Griffons. dragons. talking tigers.
enchanted forests. burning deserts.
islands in the sky. you name
I swear I'm not high.
And then we've got Castle Grayskoh.
My father once told me that Eternia is
the beating heart of the Cosmos.
and Grayskoh is the heart of that heart.
So I guess the heart of the heart
of the heart is the power of Grayskoh.
They say it can make
a man as mighty as a God.
To keep it safe.
the power was bound within a vessel.
an ancient sword they
called the sword of power.
Yeah. I know.
But that's what they went with.
Legend said that when Eternia was in its
greatest need. a hero would step
forth and wield the sword and use it.
Awesomely.
Until that day. it was locked away within
the castle under the watchful eye
of the Sorceress.
who was wise and ancient and a little
scary. to be honest. but she's cool.
She's cool.
For hundreds of years.
Greyscall has remained under
the protection of my ancestors.
See. I come from a pretty impressive
lineage of mighty heroes. noble.
strong. fearless.
Mom. I don't want to fight.
Everyone's bigger than me and stronger.
and I have poor hand-eye coordination.
Nonsense.
Who told you that?
Cringer.
It's true.
He's the smell The
tallest and the weakest.
It's a miracle he hasn't
broken any bones or died.
So what should the Prince be
doing instead of arms training?
I don't know.
Maybe hanging out
and playing with Cringer.
You go.
I'll find a ball yarn and I'm good.
You're zero hope. you know.
Do I have to go?
Arms training.
Now.
Listen up.
Future finest of eternals.
There are no statues of losers.
no streets named after cowards.
and there are no
parades for doing your best.
This ground. that palace.
your entire lives are built on the backs
of men and women who have won the fight.
And as your king's man at arms.
you can bet I won a lot of fights.
That's why we're all here.
I saved your mom and dad's asses.
I saved your neighbor's asses.
I saved your neighbor's
mom and dad's asses.
That is a lot of asses.
You know what?
The point is. I fought for you.
and now you are going to fight for me
with keen reflexes. sure aim.
and glorious muscle.
And this. anybody know what it is?
It's a stick.
Thank you for stating the obvious.
Anybody else?
Tila.
Your arms.
That's my girl.
These are your arms.
They are an extension of you.
All right. partner up. arm up.
I want to see big. shiny bruises.
I want to see bloody noses.
I want to see chipped teeth.
Okay. let's go.
You're up to your weight.
Hey. DM.
You want to...
You just died twice.
Adam.
Eyes up.
Look him in the eye. look him in the face.
Harry. our next time it You're harder.
Maybe we could just sit
down and talk about this?
Hey. Adam.
Adam.
Just do what you can. okay?
Yeah.
Teal.
What friend are you?
The guy that's going to beat you.
Don't How do you
think our novices are faring?
They're a fine and diligent bunch. sire.
Make it seriously.
All of them?
No dancing at them.
Come on.
He's making a fool out of himself.
I promise to make him
into a man. and I will.
But what man?
Adam.
Trust in me.
He did.
Disarm her.
That's not how this works. old friend.
Boy.
Face me with this.
I'll pick it up.
Now. defend yourself.
No.
Dad.
This world is no place for the weak.
Yes. dad.
Now. see it.
This world is no place for the weak.
Get up.
When you fall.
This is your chance to stand tall.
Okay?
Now look strong.
When he turns around.
he's going to see you.
And you want to show him
you can take a hit.
When he turns around. he's not going
to see a frightening little boy.
He's going to see a man.
What's he going to see?
A man.
Good.
Look. as soon as he turns around.
Walking off there.
Show's over.
Back to work.
Let's go.
Adam?
What are you doing here?
Following you.
Yeah?
Well. I came here to be alone. so...
Don't be such a squink.
I didn't think you were weak. you know.
Today. the training?
My dad did.
Is that the Sorceress?
What is she looking at?
King Randall. we are under attack.
I don't think that.
I have this in hand. sire.
The Royal Guard had trained for this.
I promise that nothing will happen
to you or your family
They will be escorted to Grayskull.
It’ll be fine. Stick with me.
- Teela. come.
- Father. I'm scared.
Who taught you that word?
Not me. It’ll be fine. sweetheart.
As long as I am here.
you have nothing to fear.
Come on
come on.
run run
- There are too many of them.
- A large army means one thing.
more goals
come. come.
after me!
this way.
I will remain.
Weak. small tin soldiers.
sir hurry away.
let me handle this.
There’s someone who wants to fight..
Thus far and no further.
How dare you come here? Don't you know who I am?
Tell me.
I am Duncan. Commander of the Royal Guard...
and the King's Man-at-Arms.
And today...
...have failed.
Father! Father!
Come. get up. Come on.
Teela. I have failed.
Come.
Hold on!
Randor's reign ends tonight.
You thought yourself so strong that you stopped
fearing what lurked in the shadows.
It was me.
I lurked.
In the deepest and darkest
corners of the universe. I lurked.
But now I step into the light...
and let you behold your doom.
Flee. Do not look back.
Adam. do not be afraid. I've got you.
Be strong. my boy. I'll
hold them off. Run.
Father!
- What will you do to me. monster?
- I'm just going to chop off your head.
Whatever my fate.
Eternos will never be yours! 149
Your palace is merely stone and glass.
Your crown is a costume.
I want the power behind it.
Evil-Lyn.
Oh. Evil-Lyn.
How poetic. Prince Skeletor.
Take him away. He is finished.
At daybreak.
Eternia shall witness my greatness!
- That’s it.
- Very well.
When I raise my clenched fist.
I am finished. That is my crescendo!
Noted. Sire.
They are coming. Grayskull will fall.
No. it will endure. Bring
the sword to me. child.
Now. quickly.
You must take the sword to
safety. somewhere far away from here.
Leave it somewhere they
will never find it. My home.
Adam. take care of yourself.
And never forget where you come from.
That sword is mine.
- Give it to me. boy.
- You wouldn't dare!
Mother!
Oh. I dare.
You must not lose the sword.
It is your only way home.
You carry the hope of Eternia with you. Go!
Go!
No!
So that's how I ended up in -
- Oklahoma City. 177
What about you. Julie? Is your family from around here?
Sorry. did you say "Skeletor"?
Yes. I did.
I have to take this.
- It hasn't rung.
- I have to take this and go.
Julie. I'm sorry.
I know it sounds crazy.
Was it about the sword?
The sword is actually
just a vessel for the power.
Just like this cup.
Now the cup holds the power of Grayskull.
But instead of the cup.
it was my sword. and I lost it.
I'm not proud of
it. but I lost it.
I'll find it. and then
it will show me the way home.
Are you breaking up with me?
No. They belong together. after all.
Aha.
You mustn't do that. You don't mean it.
What's up. bro? You're home early.
I don't want to talk about it. 196
Did you tell her? The whole story?
The Sorceress. the talking green tiger.
King Dad's disappointment in your lack of backbone?
Yeah. I probably should have left that part out.
When you say you're from another planet.
and that a magic sword can get you home...
...you sound a little
bit crazy.
- Those drawings of yours. of the shredded iron...
- It's actually shredded in real life.
She asked where I'm from.
What was I supposed to say?
That your parents died
in a tragic accident...
- and that you're repressing it with a
fantasy. Just like your psychologist says.
Am I supposed to forget who I
am and the whole purpose of my life?
Maybe the purpose of your life is simply
not to be weird. Have you considered that?
Can't you just go to work.
pay rent. live for the weekend -
- and count the days until your next vacation?
Just like everyone else.
The assignment was to
draw a historical figure.
Ram Man is historical.
Nope.
It's going to be a good day. 214
I hear you emotionally.
I feel you. with your consent.
I see you for who you are.
Remind yourselves of that
with our favorite mantra.
Let's stand up and say it together.
Everyone.
"I have the power –
– to be the best
version of myself."
So. his truth is not my truth.
We need to agree on
whose truth we're talking about.
I sense that there's
plenty of talk about truth.
But perhaps it would be constructive
to do a little truth-listening.
Beg your pardon?
You've taken my spot.
- You're taking my spot.
- My apologies.
Do you have any good advice for a beginner?
You know. some words of wisdom.
You need to position yourself behind yourself.
not in front. The front is a facade.
But when you back yourself up.
there is nothing you cannot achieve.
Cool. 233
Well said.
- Could you repeat that?
- No. You're not getting any more.
Good luck. kid.
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS SWORD?
Ding-dong!
Hi there! Do you have time for a
quick chat in my office?
I'm right in the middle of some
super-important HR stuff.
I can see that.
But that wasn't really
a question. More of an order.
The tone of voice was confusing. too.
Is it a question or not?
It isn't. Ten minutes?
Okay. Suzie.
Adam. have you given any thought
to your future here at the company?
Should I?
Let me approach this from a different angle.
You're good at your job. You
are kind. honest. considerate.
People listen to you. You're well-liked.
But you seem absent. 251
I wouldn't dream of knocking
other people's pleasures—
—and if your joy is geeky stuff
and swords. that’s totally fine.
But it’s also my job
to give you a bit of a dressing-down.
- A dressing-down?
- A scolding. you know.
Right now. I’m the strict
boss. not the fun friend.
But let's get serious. Your
hobby is affecting your work.
I found your sword.
Let's ignore that for a moment.
Your obsession with swords doesn't
look good to HR.
I'll have to fire you
if you don't pull yourself together.
So. it's an ultimatum. then?
Yes. You got it. Conflict
isn't exactly my strong suit.
You'll be fired if you don't
stop staring at weapons.
You're scaring people. Especially Darryl.
I hate Darryl. 266
You don't understand. I
am nothing without that sword.
Okay. moment of truth. Do you want
to live here in the real world?
Or do you want to piss your life away
as an aimless daydreamer –
– and without the ability to
put the phone down?
– I just need to see what it says.
– No. leave it alone
Never mind. Okay. you did it.
Found your sword.
You can have it for $300.
Adam?
- Adam?
- I have to go.
If you leave now. you can kiss
this place goodbye. With consent.
I think I'm here.
Meet me inside.
- How will I know...?
- You just know.
It's you. isn't it?
I guess so.
- Awesome.
- Yeah. 282
- Do you have my sword?
- No. I don't think so.
No sword?
No.
Then you aren't you.
Sorry.
- Do you have my sword?
- What?
Never mind.
Do you have my sword?
It's me.
Have you asked the whole shop
if they have your sword?
- They look like people who have swords.
- I have a wizard's staff at home.
Leave him alone.
I can't take you any further.
What?
What am I supposed to do with that?
That's your problem. buddy.
I was never here.
The situation is under control!
Hey. you can't do that.
Don't worry. it's my sword.
- Please let Torak stand.
- Torak is standing on me.
- Stop harassing him. - He's the one harassing me.
- The sword isn't for sale.
- I'm just going to take it.
In a moment. I'll disappear
in a brilliant flash of light.
- Or something like that.
- Awesome.
By the power of Grayskull! I need to -
- get home!
Grayskull. bring me home now.
Are you single?
What the hell are you doing?
I hate it when you make me
laugh. And when you make me cry.
- Is that...?
- The Sword of Power. Yes. it is.
Work. damn it.
Do something.
DAD
Great.
Cool sword. Highlander.
Yeah. awesome sword. Rip Van... King Arth...
What are you. Highlander?
What now? Idiots.
Stay seated. 322
What's going on?
Adam?
- Is it really you?
- What?
Don't you recognize me?
You're still a squink.
Teela?
Are you ready to go home?
- What does that beast want with me?
- He's after this.
The sword sent a signal.
Why didn't you raise it?
- I sort of misplaced it.
- Misplaced it? It's been 15 years.
Okay. I'm counting to three. 333
- One. two...
- I can't.
Three!
- ​​Jump!
- No!
What's the matter with you?
- Where are we going?
- To my ship. Up there.
Up where?
Cool.
- Ship. open up.
- Opening access hatch.
I told you guys it was real!
Not you specifically. -
- but you sort of represent
the people in my life who doubted me.
Come on!
- Ship. get us out of here now.
- Getting us out of here now.
Hold on. We're taking off.
- Ship. fold space.
- Folding space and taking off.
I can't believe it's you.
Yes. it's me.
You've grown so big.
Because you've aged.
Gracefully. You've grown up. 353
And you haven't changed a bit.
You have no idea how bad things are.
Everything has changed in your absence.
My parents?
Skeletor took them that night—
—and we haven't seen them since.
Arriving on Eternia in ten...
nine. eight. seven...
- To think I'm finally home.
- You'd better lower your expectations.
two. one.
It's all gone. 363
Skeletor didn't care about Eternos.
He just didn't want
anyone else to have it.
- Why did he do it?
- Because he's evil.
It must run deeper than that.
He has a skull for a face.
We have to leave. It's dangerous here.
- What are you staring at?
- I didn't know you were awake.
- Fetch my staff. you swine.
- Yes. sir.
If you drop it.
I'll turn you into sausage meat.
Just like your mother.
Lord Skeletor.
The beast has returned. 375
Oh. ghastly and cruel Skeletor.
you sadistic lord of evil...
Oh. shut up. Kneel.
Lower. Lower.
Lower.
Do you have the sword?
I found it. but Teela took
it. It really hurts. Master.
- Teela?
- Man-At-Arms' offspring.
Her ship was spotted
over Eternos this morning.
Then the sword is here. We must have her shadowed.
That is already being done. Master. 385
Why are you still here? Get
me that sword. you dim-witted ball of fluff!
What am I. Evil-Lyn? Am I not mighty?
Master. you are the mightiest.
Have I not shown the people of Eternia
that I am a just and worthy ruler?
- By slaughtering them by the thousands.
- But what is that worth?
Sire. if I may...
You have already won. You
have a mighty army at your command.
You have your Havoc Staff. your throne of bone...
You have me.
- Do you need anything else?
- It could all be taken from me.
My staff could be taken from me.
and you as well. And what am I then?
- Sire...
- Then I am nothing! 397
As long as someone else wields
the sword. my power is only temporary.
I need more than
fleeting power. I am no mere king.
I am a devil. but
I wish to be a god.
- Where are you taking me?
- To the Royal Guard.
What remains of us.
- Is the Royal Guard based here. in hiding?
- Skeletor won't look for us here.
And now that we have
the sword. we can defeat him.
Guard it well. and avoid
drawing attention to yourself.
Do people dress like that on Earth? 406
No. not really.
Don't stare.
The sword has been located.
Let me do the talking. They are
possibly a bit unhappy about...
Where have you been? It's
swarming with Skeletor's henchmen.
I have found the Sword of Power.
What?
There. And the man carrying
it is King Randor's son.
The lost prince of Eternos.
Hi there.
It is a great honor to be here.
- He's no king's son.
- Yes. he is. And he can prove it.
Yes. I can.
DRIVER'S LICENSE
I remember watching you lead
combat training when I was a child.
Is that an earthquake?
- Who's the little squirt?
- Ram Man?
- What did you call me?
- Ram Man.
I called you that because you look like a...
A what?
A man who rams. 427
- Impostor. You don't know us.
- Yes. I do.
I've told people about you my whole life.
As a child. I used to draw pictures of you.
- You did?
- Yes.
So. who am I?
You're Fisto.
That's not your real
name. but you do fist people.
I don't fist people.
- I saw you fisting a goblin once.
- Is *he* supposed to be Eternia's savior?
I was expecting something
else too. but I swear. it's him. 437
I tracked down the Sword of Power.
and it led me to...
Stand still!
him.
- Thanks.
- That went terribly. didn't it?
- We need to discuss this.
- Yes. let's definitely discuss it.
- Your name is Dina. right?
- Dian.
Dian. right. It's so crazy.
We went to school together.
You always used to shove me into the lockers.
Did it hurt?
Dian? I think you accidentally
locked the door.
- Fisto?
- Because he has a huge...
- I was ten years old.
- We have to get out of here. 449
It smells like a urinal in here.
- That's him.
- Back off.
With pleasure.
Is that a Class 4 Battlebot?
No. it's just a service bot.
An over-engineered maid.
Class 4s are deadly super-soldiers.
Just one of them equals 15 soldiers.
- More like 20.
- Awesome.
It looks like the Power Sword.
- It's smaller than I thought.
- That's because my hand is so big. 459
Your large hand is the other hand.
This one is also quite large. That’s
why the sword looks so small.
Captain!
- Speak up.
- We might have a problem.
They’re coming to take
the sword. We have to get out of here.
Miss. you weren't made to
scrub floors. Come with us.
- As a servant?
- No. as a soldier
Stop chatting with
the household appliances.
I'll come along. But I refuse
to cook or do laundry.
And any fluids that might
come out of you are your problem.
Wait. Just a moment.
- We can't leave him behind.
- Him? The drunkard?
Dad. wake up.
- Why did you call him Dad?
- He's my dad. Dad. wake up.
- Quiet. I'm sleeping.
- Duncan?
- Will you give me a hand?
- Yes.
God. he's heavy. 476
Good idea. He needs to hydrate.
Who is he? Do I know you?
Yes.
When I was a child. you trained me.
Sword fighting. hand-to-hand combat...
You scolded me. kicked me.
belittled me. and crushed my self-confidence.
Adam. My name is Adam.
- I'm not cleaning that up.
- You weren't asked to.
Now I know who you are. You're Randor's son.
Yes. that's me.
- Sweet little Adam.
- Cool that you remember me
- Scrawny. Soft. Weak.
- I don't think I was soft.
We have to leave. Come on. Dad.
No. no. I'm fine here.
I'm staying right here with my vomit.
We have to carry him.
Aha. Thank you so much for taking me
along on this exciting adventure.
I can walk on my own!
This way.
The sword is here. Find it!
Get the sword as far away from him as possible.
Come along. 497
What's going on?
Hey. snot-bot! I can walk on my own.
- You'd better duck.
- You'd better shut your...
Roboto. would you please
turn on combat mode?
- Are you trying to be funny?
- Duncan reprogrammed her.
- She nearly took my head off.
- It was a malfunction.
run
- What the hell is going on?
- Stop shooting at me!
Damn it!
Follow me!
- Did she jump?
- I didn't expect that.
- Should I carry Drunkard?
- Duncan. are you okay?
I'm fine.
- How did he avoid dying?
- I'll manage.
Come on.
- Come out. cowards!
- Trap Jaw.
- Who?
- From my drawings. 514
Oh no. no. no. no...
- Anyone but him.
- You can't get away!
Let me speak to him. Start a dialogue.
- What? A dialogue?
- I do that a lot at work.
I'm actually quite good at it.
I'll be right back.
Hello!
Good day.
Mr. Trap Jaw. Hi there.
Wait.
Could I have a word with you? I'd
like to de-escalate the situation. 524
It feels like tempers
are running really high.
Oh. so they are?
- And who are you?
- I'm Adam...
Okay. I can see we're
heading into rough waters.
Shut up.
Okay. but conflict resolution
relies on effective communication.
- Use the sword!
- What sword?
Say the words.
By...
By the power of Grayskull.
By the power of Grayskull!
I have the power!
Wow.
Champion of Grayskull. We're saved.
We're done for.
That's what I taught
you! That's damn good.
We need to get moving.
Did you see that? I ripped his arm
off and shot all his friends.
I saw it. 543
You fools! You sluggards and blockheads!
Master...
You primitive. thrashing-worthy piss-ants!
I want that sword. Do you hear?
It's mine. Mine. mine. mine. mine. mine!
I want it. Do you hear?
And you will get it for me.
- Is that understood?!
- After them! Get the sword!
- Let me take the controls.
- No way.
- You're doing well. Teela.
- Not now. Adam.
- Kiss my...
- Crack in the hull. 553
Ship. run an analysis.
- Analysis: My hull is cracked.
- Copy that.
- I have extensive experience with...
- Do you want to get out and walk?
Damn.
Shoot them down. Take the Sky-Sled.
- I'm on it.
- Not you. Definitely not you.
What now?
We're losing altitude.
- If you let go...
- Not a word.
We're not going to make it.
- Keep the ship steady.
- Coming from the drunkard.
Adam?
Adam!
Behind you!
- Move. you moron!
- What?
You're going to get killed!
You're actually really good at flying.
Oh. stop it.
Troublemakers! 572
Your long reprieve is
over now. You are finished.
If you wish to see tomorrow.
I hereby demand your loyalty.
Do you know what that means. miscreants?
It means I will
kill you one by one—
—until you tell me the name
of that insolent barbarian.
You know who I mean.
Muscles. loincloth. tanned—
—and a big. shiny sword.
No?
Very well. 582
You.
Evil-Lyn. who is that?
- Moss Man.
- He'll do.
Behold. you fallen heroes of Eternia.
how he begs for his wretched life.
Go ahead. Beg.
No.
Look. my dear. I've made compos
That was a good one.
I'll try again.
Who is the warrior who
fought for you today?
- Stop. I'll tell you.
- Let's hear it. then.
It is the young prince.
risen from the dead.
So that's it?
Take them away. lock them up.
and set fire to this dung heap!
They won't follow us here.
- Not without reinforcements.
- I have to look for Adam.
No. leave it to me.
Teela. I can handle this.
You could. You could handle that crap.
I'll take care of it. Stay here.
FATHER
Where am I?
Who am I?
You are the one who will bring peace to Eternia.
Champion of Grayskull.
Adam.
- Thank Zodac. you're alive.
- You drove the Sorceress away.
- That isn't the Sorceress.
- I'm pretty sure it was.
Right.
- Are you hurt?
- Surprisingly. no. 610
Good.
Come on. It'll be dark soon.
We're staying here until tomorrow morning.
What is it?
I just haven't seen you like this in a long time.
- Man-At-Arms is in here somewhere.
- I hope you find him.
Listen. just a moment.
What have we here?
- Who wants a drink?
- Dad. seriously?
Sit down now.
Let's have a little something and sing
a few songs. The victory must be celebrated.
What victory?
- That we didn't die.
- You call that a victory?
- We've earned it.
- You've earned it for 15 years.
Then there's more for the two of us. Come and sit down.
A toast to the sword –
- and to the champion of Grayskull.
Tearing a man's arm off
isn't exactly something to celebrate.
It was you or him.
What happened to being
understanding and a good listener—
—and talking things through?
Talking things through? What do you do
when someone attacks your family?
Should I answer that I go into battle?
You protect them. You don't understand.
You turn up your nose at
those trigger-happy grunts.
But in war. it's not the poets
who step up. It's the muscle man.
And he doesn't do it to win glory.
He does it so his children
can live to see tomorrow.
That’s a real man in my eyes.
He proves himself steadfast
when he is needed.
Just as you did.
And come to think of it.
you didn't do too badly at all.
That is the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
The execution was just a bit sloppy.
and your technique needs polishing.
There’s the Duncan I remember.
Will you give me a hand?
It’s pretty heavy. so please...
I’m catching your loincloth in... Sorry.
So. how does it feel
to be the mighty warrior?
All things considered.
it feels pretty great.
But I have no idea what happened
to my shirt. Or my pants.
Do they come back. or
do I have to buy new ones every time?
I’ve really missed you.
Likewise.
I was thinking about you. All the time.
Not a day went by where
I didn't think about you.
Likewise.
And about how much...
our friendship means.
You were just such a good
friend. Almost like a little brother.
You are and will always be my
friend. Nothing can change that.
Phew!
We’d better confiscate that flask
before my father starts singing.
Yes. we can't have that.
Insignificant runts.
it is I. Skeletor.
You shall perish beneath my heel.
Nut-sheep. He called us nut-sheep.
But one of you thinks he is special.
The lost prince has
apparently returned.
But it is not your Eternia
anymore. Prince Adam.
It is mine. with all that it holds.
That includes the sword you carry.
It was created for a far
mightier hand than yours.
So here is my generous offer.
Bring the Sword of Power to Snake Mountain.
and you will be able to reunite with—
—Mom and Dad.
Yes. they are alive and well.
Not *too* well. but they are alive.
Just think. you could be
a happy family again.
Or they could die a cruel death.
And it will be your fault forever.
How heavy will that sword feel then.
Champion of Grayskull?
I have to go. Now.
Adam. it's a trap. If Skeletor
gets the sword. he'll become invincible.
He won't get the sword.
I'll kill him with it.
- You can't just charge in.
- I have godlike powers in my hands.
But you're just a man.
He has my family. Teela.
I have to save them.
That's what a man does.
- Now you sound like my father.
- Is that so bad?
- We'll see.
- I'm doing this with or without you.
Adam...
We're with you.
To the bitter end. 694
- You'd think they wanted to die.
- Not now.
Come. This way to Snake Mountain.
We don't know what's in there.
I am in there.
Do as I do.
Hi. I'm Adam. -
- Prince of Eternia and defender of
the secrets of Castle Grayskull. -
- and I bear the Sword of Power.
Surrender your weapon.
I will give the sword to
Skeletor. and only to Skeletor.
Keep your sword. Guards!
Take him and his magnificent
muscles to Lord Skeletor.
The rest come with me.
Prepare the dungeon.
Adam. give him a thrashing!
Magnificent view. isn't it?
You'll have a moment.
Father?
Adam? Is that you? 712
Yes. It's me.
The tearful reunion
can wait. Now give me the sword.
Let him go.
- I said it first.
- Let him go!
Let's not play that game.
boy. I play to win. and...
I cheat.
Take it!
Just try.
Beautiful. Evil-Lyn. He's frozen.
Fine display. Prince
Adam. But to what end?
Fight me. face to face.
I don't have a face.
and I can't be bothered. either.
Besides. it's my turn
to put on a show.
What do you say. Dad?
Should I let him watch while
I slaughter you with his sword?
Ah. yes.
No!
Dad?
Adam...
Let me look at you.
There you are.
It took you a long time. but you came back.
I've changed so much.
I am not a
weak. little boy anymore.
Now I am everything you
wanted me to be.
What did I want you to be?
Someone else.
No. that wasn't... That
wasn't what I wanted.
As a child. you were so incredibly small.
The world...
seemed far too big for you.
That’s why I tried to make you strong –
– to protect you.
It was the only way I knew.
There were so many things
I should have said.
Dad. it's okay.
It's okay.
I wish I
had understood you better.
I wish I had let you...
be yourself.
Dad. no. Wait. wait. wait.
You mustn't close your eyes yet.
I haven't said it yet.
I need you to hear me say it.
And so. you both succumbed.
- Are you okay?
- You've transformed back.
Mother.
He is dead.
I have waited so long.
Now I shall be reborn...
and the universe shall tremble in my shadow.
By the power of Grayskull.
I -
- have -
- the power!
Did I say the words wrong?
No. they were right. Try using a little persuasion.
Watch your mouth. woman.
Why isn't it working?
- Tell me why it isn't working.
- There is a ritual I can perform.
We must take the sword back
to its altar at Grayskull.
I promise. it will work.
It has to.
Prepare my ship!
Hey. kid. Want to talk about it?
Adam. I'm not very good at...
talking about...
what's going on
inside. You know. those...
- Feelings?
- Yeah. that.
But there’s one thing I know. I
know what it feels like to let someone down.
To realize you aren't
who you thought you were.
She’d better think I’m an
old drunk worth saving—
—rather than an old man who’s worthless.
I let her down.
I let you down. Adam.
I had promised to
protect all of you...
and I couldn't do it. 789
Do you remember what you said—
—when I got beaten up as a child?
Yes. I said. "Do 20 push-ups."
No. You said:
"You have to get up—
—and stand your ground."
Maybe we should try that together.
What do you say?
I'm up for that.
Hi.
There's someone who wants to say hello.
Cringer?
Can I lick you now?
Yeah. okay.
- I've missed you.
- To think you're here.
We're all here. All the heroes of Eternia.
Adam. are you okay?
Yeah. I think so.
Gather 'round! War council!
Not a war council. just a seminar.
- Okay. War seminar!
- May I have your attention? 810
I’d like to take a moment to
brainstorm an escape strategy.
- Say what?
- Is this a pep talk?
- It’s team building.
- Who is he?
- I am Adam. Prince of Eternia.
- Just a moment.
- I thought Adam was dead.
- Shut your trap and let him speak.
Not dead. As you can see.
I am very much alive.
Speak up.
While I was on Earth. I learned—
—that workplace success cannot
be attributed to a single man. Or woman. 819
Or whatever that is.
You achieve it by working together.
- Workplace?
- We're in a dungeon.
I know.
I know most of you
don't know me.
But I know all of you.
Mekaneck. the heroic
human periscope.
And Ram Man. You ram.
- And you're a man.
- Damn right!
- And Fisto. you fist people.
- Exactly! 829
And Dian.
You pushed me into
the lockers when we were kids.
- You bet I did.
- I know all of yo
I have carried you in my heart.
Eternia is a part of me.
It is my home. and I will fight for it.
But I cannot do it
alone. I need your help.
It was going it alone
that brought us here.
But we can change that
by working together.
We must stand behind ourselves.
Not in front. The front line is just a facade.
But when we back ourselves...
there is nothing we cannot achieve.
Together. 842
So now we take back
our home. Together!
- Hurrah for Alan!
- Alan!
My name is actually Adam.
Adam.
But what can we do? The bars
are made of photanium. Nothing can break them.
The walls are made of stone.
Fisto. Ram Man.
Everyone. I have one question:
How much can you bench press?
- What does "bench press" mean?
- Good grief...
Kill anyone who comes
close. Women and children...
first. Good boy.
Come. Evil-Lyn. The end is near.
Do you think you can get her battle-ready again?
Last time. she tried to kill me.
- It was an accident.
- She says that every time.
- I trust her. so...
- Okay. fine.
You're not to murder me. okay?
Have you had it on you the whole time?
And no killing me now.
I didn't promise anything.
Great!
Okay. now!
- I can't breathe!
- My lungs are burning!
They're fleeing!
Okay. you filthy skull-rubbers.
Where are you hiding the ships?
They're coming.
Roboto and I will hold them off
while you do what you need to do.
Are you sure you can handle it? 871
No. I'm not sure.
but I'll do my best.
I know you will.
You're so strong. Stronger
than I've ever been.
You're the kind of man
I wish I could be.
- Uh. thanks?
- Come here.
I love you guys. That was really beautiful.
Adam. we're right in the middle of reconciling.
You'd better get going.
Okay. That was lovely. A
lovely moment between the three of us.
Okay. off you go. 881
Is there still time to back out? Shouldn't
I be wearing armor? This seems dangerous.
- Scaredy-cat.
- Teela. seriously.
He's no scaredy-cat.
He's a Battle Cat.
Oh no. I'm not.
Okay. just this once. Climb on.
Next time. I want armor on.
Time to kick some serious ass!
Smash 'em to bits. Ram Man!
Sorry.
Enemies!
Now I'll show you how
a real man uses the power.
No!
Defend yourself. witch. 894
Shouldn't the two of us slip away
and leave them to fight it out?
Forget it.
You're your father's daughter.
You bet I am.
- Now we're crashing their party.
- I've got the invitation right here.
If you have an invitation. it's not...
I need an answer! I'm going to take those assholes out.
You're really ruining the party metaphor.
Isn't it great?
They won't get into the castle
as long as I'm still standing.
You've barely been able to stay on your feet.
Do you have any more missiles?
- Yes. one.
- That's plenty.
Yes!
What is that?
Run. run!
Watch out! 911
Duncan?
Do you remember me? Do
you remember who I was?
Commander of the Royal Guard
and the King's Man-at-Arms.
But today...
I am a new person.
- Duncan?
- Roboto.
- You mustn't shut down.
- It doesn't matter.
Existence is merely absurdities
followed by infinite nothingness.
Good girl.
Stand still. you muscular brute. I'm trying to destroy you!
Well. would you look at that.
Your sword is worthless.
Just a cheap toy.
That can't be right.
Now I'm curious.
Without it. what are you?
Who are you? Let's find out.
- Give it everything you've got.
- Sick flex. bro.
Honestly. Adam. I never bought
into that roided-up barbarian look.
You were never really a tough
guy. You were probably more of a wimp.
And those who didn't bully
you felt sorry for you.
Grib.
That's not how it was.
No?
- What was it like. then?
- What?
On your home planet. What was it like?
It was...
It was beautiful.
Beautiful like nothing else.
Hey. have you ever been to Sedona?
This place is more your style. A world of gray and beige -
- filled with endless. humiliating defeats.
Adam. can it wait? I
have a performance review with Darryl.
- Who is that demon?
- He destroyed my sword.
You and your sword...
While I was conquering an
entire planet. you sat here and...
- What is this?
- The HR department.
The whore department?
Adam. you naughty boy.
You can go play the hero
with your mighty muscles -
- and that big. long sword
dangling between your luscious thighs. 951
But you will always be a
loser. Eternia is not your home.
It is a dream of something you are not.
And that dream...
is over.
Adam! Adam!
Adam?
Hey. Adam...
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I think I just died.
Bummer. that was a rough one. Let
me know if you need anything.
I think you dropped something. 962
Here you go.
Pretty convenient to die
just before the rent is due.
I'll pay for it.
- Get up.
- You're a talking bird.
- Yes.
- That's trippy.
- You've had a talking cat.
- Fair point.
Is it over now?
- Am I dead?
- Maybe.
Get up.
- But I'm dead.
- You have the power.
No.
Not anymore.
- The sword is shattered.
- What sword? 975
The power sword.
Well. that. What's up with that?
It's the Power Sword.
"To the wearer
the sword. the power shall be given."
When you raise the sword.
what words do you say?
- "By the power of Grayskull."
- Yes. Go ahead.
"You have the power."
Exactly. You are the one
who holds the power. not the sword.
You. I chose you.
In the hands of champions past.
the power was raw strength.
But in yours. it is so much more.
It is compassion. It is empathy.
It is humanity.
That is why I
made you its vessel. 989
I am the vessel.
Now you are ready.
By the power of Grayskull...
I have the power!
Bummer.
Skeletor...
I have a proposal.
Why don't we...
...put an end to the violence and talk?
Just talk.
You have ravaged my world
and caused so much suffering.
Maybe because you didn't become king.
Maybe you didn't get enough love as a child.
It doesn't matter who you
are. What matters is what you do.
So do the right thing.
Oh. you fool.
You muscle-bound moron.
There is no right thing to do here.
There is no good in me for you to uncover.
There is nothing you can say that
will change my nature. because I...
am...
a villain. 1010
And oh. how good it feels!
You're just a puny kid.
You might have the power.
but you don't dare use it.
And you can't even.
I *can* use it.
I'd just rather not.
Is that all you've got?
I was holding back.
You want to talk? What should we talk about?
That time has passed.
Get up. squirt. 1021
Here you go.
Thanks.
SIX MONTHS LATER
It was cool when you took down that bastard...
So. what do you think?
It's a bit low-cut.
- Hi. Adam.
- Hi.
How are things going with your...
feelings and stuff?
Fine.
Just so you know. if
you need to talk...
...I'm here.
Cool.
Or if you want to arm-wrestle.
Or if you want a beating
with a stick. I'm here for that too. 1036
Likewise.
Eternia's mightiest.
Look there. All the heroes you drew as a child.
Ram Man. Fisto...
And what did you call that one?
- That's Mekaneck.
- Annoying as hell.
Did you give me a name too?
Warrior Goddess.
I was just a child. after all.
- That's powerful.
- Don't read too much into it.
Did you give yourself a name too?
You did. Tell us.
- You're just laughing.
- Tell me anyway.
He-Man.
- What?
- He-Man.
- ​​That's terrible.
- What does it mean?
It means a strong man. A masculine guy.
- Is it too macho?
- No. no.
It's very manly. Just like you.
What do you think?
Totally. man. It's...
cool. 1057
It's cool to see that I
wasn't the one who was crazy.
Here I am with a
green tiger. That's wild.
But thanks for coming to get me
to prove it was all real.
My red light. I'm receiving
a distress signal from an Avion village.
That sounds like a job for He-Man.
He-Man.
Yeah. I'll go take care of that.
Over there.
- Cringer.
- Do we have to?
- Is he running out to change?
- Yep.
Does he think we've forgotten?
Everyone knows about it. after all.
We could just look away.
if that would be easier.
No. let him do as he pleases.
In today's story. we saw—
—that muscles don't necessarily
make you a real man.
And that if you have a skull-like face.
it's pretty certain—
—that you're the villain. See you later!
I had given up hope.
For both of them. 1076
Maybe she'll come back one day. too.
Field Captain Adora?
No. Not anymore.
You've certainly seen better days.
Translation: Henrik Thøgersen
Scandinavian Text Service